---
title: "Meeting Minutes"
format: html
editor: visual
---

# ISSS608 Group 5 Meeting Minutes

## Project Meeting 1

Date: 22/5/2025

Time: 11pm -11.30pm

In Attendance: Celin Liaw, Shermainn Ng, Stefanie Felicia

## Agenda:

1.  Discussion on project topic(MC1, MC2 or MC3) from [VAST CHALLENGE 2025](https://vast-challenge.github.io/2025/index.html)
2.  Discussion on questions to answer for take-home 2

### Agenda Item 1: Discussion on project topic

-   We unanimously agreed on [MC3](https://vast-challenge.github.io/2025/MC3.html) as the project topic because it looks the most interesting

### Agenda Item 2: Discussion on questions to answer for take-home 2

-   We decided to take 1-2 questions each for MC3 as there are some questions that require results from the previous questions to answer them

-   We will then compare the final results and take the better ones or incorporate all the results for more clarity

-   **Shermainn:** Question 1

-   **Celin:** Question 2 and 3

-   **Stefanie:** Question 2 and 4

## Project Meeting 2

Date: 7/6/2025

Time: 5pm -5.30pm

In Attendance: Celin Liaw, Shermainn Ng, Stefanie Felicia

## Agenda:

1.  Proposal Check-in
2.  Action Items

### Agenda Item 1: Proposal Check-in

-   As our proposal is due tomorrow, we decided to check in with each other's progress

-   Our problem for the proposal is that we are not sure how the final item will look like, so we decided to come up with what we think the final product will look like and to implement it in the proposal

### Agenda Item 2: Action Items

-   Decided to do a prototype sketch with how we imagine the final product to look like as we are not familiar with Shiny yet
-   Shermainn to create the group project github and do a layout of the proposal headings and fill in the items that she knows based on the question she did
-   Stefanie to fill in the website and the question that she did for the proposal
-   Celin to create the prototype sketch based on the combined information from everyone and finalise the proposal website page

## Project Meeting 3

Date: 11/6/2025

Time: 10pm -10.30pm

In Attendance: Celin Liaw, Shermainn Ng, Stefanie Felicia

## Agenda:

1.  Discussion on Take-Home exercise 3 and submission details

### Agenda Item 1: Take-Home Exercise 3

-   Discussion on data cleaning and setting up of sidebar layout

-   Agreed on a joint sidebar with entities and date selection

-   There will also be a legend for the nodes

-   One person to setup the cleaning and setting up of sidebar layout
